website/docs/docs/getting-started.md, before:

---
id: getting-started
title: React Native Notifications Getting Started Guide
sidebar_label: Getting Started
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Currently this guide is written for `react-native-notifications@^3.0.0`.  
We also assume you use `react-native@60.x.x` and above.

For older versions, visit this [installation guide](https://github.com/wix/react-native-notifications/blob/v2/docs/installation.md).

## Add react-native-notifications to your dependencies

<Tabs
  defaultValue="npm"
  values={[
    { label: 'Npm', value: 'npm', },
    { label: 'Yarn', value: 'yarn', },
  ]}>
<TabItem value="npm">

```shell
$ npm install --save react-native-notifications
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="yarn">

```shell
$ yarn add react-native-notifications
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Link native dependencies

### iOS

```shell
$ pod install --project-directory=ios/
```

Add the following line at the top of your `AppDelegate.m`

```objectivec
#import "RNNotifications.h"
```

Start monitor notifications in `AppDelegate.m`:

```objectivec
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions {
	[RNNotifications startMonitorNotifications]; // -> Add this line

	return YES;
}
```

And add the following methods to support registration to `AppDelegate.m`:

```objectivec
- (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithDeviceToken:(NSData *)deviceToken {
  [RNNotifications didRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithDeviceToken:deviceToken];
}
```

```objectivec
- (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didFailToRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithError:(NSError *)error {
  [RNNotifications didFailToRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithError:error];
}
```

### Android

For Android installation, please refer to the [Android installation doc](installation-android.md) where you can find detailed step on how to start using Google's FCM service.

## Register for notification events

```jsx
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import {Notifications} from 'react-native-notifications';

class MyComponent extends Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    Notifications.registerRemoteNotifications();

    Notifications.events().registerNotificationReceivedForeground((notification: Notification, completion) => {
      console.log(`Notification received in foreground: ${notification.title} : ${notification.body}`);
      completion({alert: false, sound: false, badge: false});
    });

    Notifications.events().registerNotificationOpened((notification: Notification, completion) => {
      console.log(`Notification opened: ${notification.payload}`);
      completion();
    });
  }
}
```

Next, check out the [API Reference](../api/general-api).

Commit message:

Update getting-started.md AppDelegate section
This change comes about as a result of this issue: https://github.com/wix/react-native-notifications/issues/662

The docs state to add `#import "RNNotifications.h"` to the top of `AppDelegate.m`, but this cause an error when building the App. The import should instead be added below the `#ifdef FB_SONARKIT_ENABLED` definition block.

website/docs/docs/getting-started.md, after:

---
id: getting-started
title: React Native Notifications Getting Started Guide
sidebar_label: Getting Started
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Currently this guide is written for `react-native-notifications@^3.0.0`.  
We also assume you use `react-native@60.x.x` and above.

For older versions, visit this [installation guide](https://github.com/wix/react-native-notifications/blob/v2/docs/installation.md).

## Add react-native-notifications to your dependencies

<Tabs
  defaultValue="npm"
  values={[
    { label: 'Npm', value: 'npm', },
    { label: 'Yarn', value: 'yarn', },
  ]}>
<TabItem value="npm">

```shell
$ npm install --save react-native-notifications
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="yarn">

```shell
$ yarn add react-native-notifications
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Link native dependencies

### iOS

```shell
$ pod install --project-directory=ios/
```

Add the following line to your `AppDelegate.m`, below the `FB_SONARKIT_ENABLED` definition:

```objectivec
#ifdef FB_SONARKIT_ENABLED
...
#endif

#import "RNNotifications.h"
```

Start monitor notifications in `AppDelegate.m`:

```objectivec
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions {
	[RNNotifications startMonitorNotifications]; // -> Add this line

	return YES;
}
```

And add the following methods to support registration to `AppDelegate.m`:

```objectivec
- (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithDeviceToken:(NSData *)deviceToken {
  [RNNotifications didRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithDeviceToken:deviceToken];
}
```

```objectivec
- (void)application:(UIApplication *)application didFailToRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithError:(NSError *)error {
  [RNNotifications didFailToRegisterForRemoteNotificationsWithError:error];
}
```

### Android

For Android installation, please refer to the [Android installation doc](installation-android.md) where you can find detailed step on how to start using Google's FCM service.

## Register for notification events

```jsx
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import {Notifications} from 'react-native-notifications';

class MyComponent extends Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    Notifications.registerRemoteNotifications();

    Notifications.events().registerNotificationReceivedForeground((notification: Notification, completion) => {
      console.log(`Notification received in foreground: ${notification.title} : ${notification.body}`);
      completion({alert: false, sound: false, badge: false});
    });

    Notifications.events().registerNotificationOpened((notification: Notification, completion) => {
      console.log(`Notification opened: ${notification.payload}`);
      completion();
    });
  }
}
```

Next, check out the [API Reference](../api/general-api).
